Dan
All attention turns on me as I step out of the stall.
"Daniel!" I cringe at the guy calling me Daniel. "How ya' doin'? You want a go at Phil or is he your boyfriend?" Phil whimpers pleadingly as I step towards him. He must think I'm going to join in. With a last kick to Phil's side they laugh and walk out. I walk closer to Phil.
"If you're going to kick, aim for my head so I'll pass out sooner," He says quietly. That was the saddest thing I've ever heard. I kneel down next to him and he flinches.
"I'm not going to hurt you," I tell him.
"Why not? They all did, and if you dont you'll just end up like me," He mumbles, clearly being close to unconciousness.
"I've already been through this." I say, remembering all of the beating I've had and still get since I was a little boy, and not just from kids at school.
"Do you want to go to the hospital? I know they broke at least one of your ribs." I offer.
"No, why don't you just be like everyone else and leave me her alone," It's so obvious he doesn't trust me, but I know what it's like to be in his state and it's horrible. I won't leave him here.
"Because I know what it's like to be beaten the way you've just been and I remember how much I wanted someone to help me when my ribs were broken. I want to be that person to you." My voice cracks, because I'm not used to talking at this time of day.
"I-I don't want to go to the hospital..."He stutters.
"That's fine. Do you want me to take you home though?" He stares at me intensely, trying to tell if I'm lying.
"O-Okay." He hesitates.
"Can you, um.. walk?" I ask awkwardly. He nods and tries to stand up but hisses in pain and falls down. I hold my hand to him an he reluctantly takes it to stand up. He must be dizzy, because he keeps tripping over nothing and walking into walls. When I see his eyes start to fall and his body starts to fall I put my arm around his shoulders and his arm around mine.
We sneak out of the school and I bring him to my car and sit him in the passenger seat.
"I need you to tell me the way." He nods as I start the car.
"Why does your voice crack so much?" Phil asks. "Are you just hitting puberty at 16 or something?"
"No," I laugh. "A year and a half ago I stopped talking in school so I'm not used to talking at this time."
"Why'd you stop talking?" I can tell he's very curious.
"Everyone saw me as a target for bullying because whenever I'd talk I was too nice or friendly." I sigh. He tells me his adress and I realise that its close to where I live so I know where it is. We reach his house quickly and when I look at Phil I see he's sleeping. I feel bad for waking him up but I need to bring him inside since I think his parents aren't home.
"Phil?" I shake his shoulders lightly. He opens his eyes and looks at me. "We're at your house." He looks at his driveway.
"Damn, my parents aren't home and I forgot my keys." He whispers to himself.
"I can bring you to mine until your parents get home, if that's okay with you."
"Really?" I nod. He puts his head back and falls back asleep. I bring him to my house and carefully carry his light, sleeping body inside. I lay him on my sofa and get a rag with cool water on it. I go back to Phil and clean the drying blood off of his face and head. I put a blanket over him when I see he starts shaking and sit down myself, praying my parents don't come home yet.  
While Phil sleeps I go into my room to get the box of Maltesers I had hidden and sit on my bed and eat them. I think about tomorrow. Will I follow him again to see that he doesnt get hurt? Will I continue to speak to him, or at all? One thing is for sure, and it's that I wont join in on beating him.
Suddenly I hear a loud gasp and I run back to the livingroom. Phil lays on the floor with his hand on his chest and his cheek on the floor, a small wetspot on the floor from his tears. I go up to him carefully and try to pick him up but he swats my hand away.
"Are you okay?" I ask, regarding how he fell on the floor.
"Oh, yes, I feel absolutely fantastic!" He answers, sarcastically. He doesn't want my help so I sit on the couch, awkwardly, I should add. He pulls himself on the couch.
"Why did you help me?" He asks bluntly. I know I've answered this before but he probably doesn't remember because he was almost unconcious but I still decide to answer.
"I didn't want anyone to get hurt."
"Well, thank you." He barely whispers.
"I'm sorry, what was that?" I laugh, cupping my ear. He hadn't said thank you to me yet, and since he didnt seem to trust me before I figures he woulld never. Phil laughs and covers his mouth. Phil then looks at the watch on his wrist and sighs.
"What's wrong?" I ask him.
"School is over in half an hour so my parents should be home soon." I nod, understandingly. "Oh, by the way, since I'm in your house, I should probably know your name. I'm Phil Lester. Your first name is Daniel, right?" I cringe again. My parents call me Daniel, and whenever they said my name it meant I was going to get beaten. The name rings in my ears whenever someone says it.
"Dan Howell," I put emphasis on 'Dan' so he knows that I don't like being called Daniel. Phil sinks into the sofa.
"For the time that you're here until your parents get home do you want to play Sonic?" I ask him shyly. He says sure so I pick up two controllers from the floor and turn Sonic on. Phil is so horribly bad at the game that it's hilarious. He dies for about the sixth time and I just burst out laughing. Phil starts laughing and before he covers his mouth I see his tongue peek out from the side of his mouth. He looks down at his watch.
"I have to go home now." He says, getting up with his bag. I pick up my keys and help him walk to my car. I drive him back and notice the car in the driveway hat wasn't there before. He gives a faint smile to me before leaving. He takes tiny steps to his door and once he gets in I leave.
I pull into my driveway and mentally curse when I see my parents standing angrily at the front door.
