fifty nine: When In Japan
*KYLIE'S POV*
"Hey Kylie"
"Seriously, I said you can't conversate with me before noon"
"It's 4am" Jazmyn pushed me. "Is Justin here?"
"Yes" I rolled over in the bed. It's 4am.
"Why is he here?"
"I don't know. He's like obssessed with my sister" I mumbled into my pillow.
"No he's not. He's dating that other girl, erm.."
"Selena..?"
"That's it" She jumped on top of me.
"Get off of me" I kicked her off the bed. "Can you get out now? I'm really tired"
"Actually no. I'm not tired, I'm bored and craving chicken nuggets" She sat on my back.
Why is she so annoying?
"I swear Jaz, get the fuck off me"
"Come out with meeee"
"I'm giving you 5 seconds to get off me or I promise I will break your legs.. and your arms" I threatened.
She laughed at me and stayed on my back.
I counted to 6, giving her a chance but she decided not to move. I sighed, sitting up quickly so that she fell off my back, I kicked her off the bed again and straddled her back pinning an arm down on her back.
"Do you want me to break your fucking arm?"
"Are you still tired?" She asked as her face was pressed up against the floor.
I got up off her. "Do you know how much I hate you?"
I got changed and put my shoes on before we headed out of the suite. We borrowed Anastasias car and we headed to wherever Jazmyn wanted to buy her nuggets. I know I was supposed to be on a clense but its been 3 weeks and I'm over it.
So heres what happened, instead of getting Jazmyn her chicken nuggets we found an all night sushi place. I wasn't surprised I mean, we are in Japan.
"What are you doing? Get in the car" I yelled at Jazmyn when she started to record me on her phone.
"Everyone look who's driving!"
I waved and told her to get back in the car again because she was like standing in the middle of the street.
"No, drive so they know you're not just sitting there"
"Okay" I drive drove away from her and stopped a little down the road.
She got back into the SUV and I drove.. I don't even know where I was going. I'm not sure what age you have to be to drive in Japan but I'm not old enough to drive anywhere else so who cares?
Not me.
"Does Japan have malls?" I asked.
"Yeah of course. Japan has everything" She stated turning the music up and Kiss Me Kiss Me by the boys -- 5sos, -- was playing.
It took almost 3 hours to find a decent mall that wasn't completely shit or crowded.. at 10am.
What are these people doing at the mall at 10am?
We both spent the day in the city with fans and we kinda ran out of gas so we left our car at some park. Erm, we met some fans and one of them had the cutest puppy so I made her follow me for the rest of the day and she's coming to my concert now. Now we were just running around a park and it's dark out already and I'm singing one of Ariana's songs and instead of doing the whistle tones I'm just.. I don't know, it's disturbing.
Also, I kinda spilt soy sauce over my shirt so I took it off and so did Jazmyn so I'm not walking around topless on my own.
I know it's late now and my concerts going to start soon so we need to find our way back to the venue and whatever.
* 
"KYLIE!!"
"JAZZY!!"
"Hold onto me okay?" I told the girl and her friend as I took the puppy from her hands, he was warm and I didn't have a shirt on.
"Is the back door open?" Jazmyn asked.
I ignored her because I have no idea.
Once we finally got in I was rushed into my dressing room to get ready for the show, because apparently I was almost an hour late. 
Bullshit.
When I was done, and ready, I still hadn't seen Anastasia, or Justin or Lillian. I didn't want to deal with Anastasia right now, so it didn't really bother me, but I noticed the stage was the same as it was yesterday, which was not how I wanted it, and after I told them to change it.
I left my fans with Jazzy in the changing room and went to go find Ricky or something. 
"Ricky!" I yelled when I saw him. He saw me and tried to run away, but he knew I saw him.
"What's up?" He asked casually.
"What's up with my stage?" 
He looked away, "What do you mean?"
"I mean I told y'all to fix it, I didn't want it like that!"
"We, didn't have the time.."
"Okay so all those hundreds of fucking thousand dollars I paid to get my stage fixed, you don't fucking fix it and now I have to preform in front of 30 thousand people?"
"What do you want? What do you want us to do, because obviously it's too late to change anything now"
"Well if you did it yesterday when fucking told you to then it would've been done!"
"What do you want us to do?" He repeated, ignoring my statement.
"I don't want no lights on my step. No lights on my head. No lights on the front of the stage. Nothing, nothing, nothing!" I put my ear piece in.
"What's going on?" Lillian walked down the hall, Justin following behind her. 
"100 thousand dollars, you know what that'll get you? A bunch of fucking promises and guess who gotta fit the bill unless they work or not? Me." 
"Ricky?" Anastasia's voice came through the walkie-talkie in Ricky's hand.
"Where the fuck you at Anastasia?" I yelled through the mobile.
"I'm coming down to your dressing room" 
I started walking down to my dressing room and sat on the couch, opposite Anastasia.
"They told me that it was fixed"
"No, it's supposed to light up but it's not lighting up. My fans don't deserve that. They don't fucking deserve to pay that fuckery! These people stand out from one o'clock in the fucking morning to see me! It's not a fucking club or party it's 30 thousand people. That means every bodies common sense needs to be turned up another notch"
"We're going to get it all fixed, emails sent and out. Its not going to be wrong again"
"Hmm"
"He's been on it since they haven't worked but it's a good thing he heard it from Kylie" Anastasia said in a monotone, when she noticed my fans in the room.
I was told that the boys, Lillian and Justin were preforming while everyone was waiting for me. I wouldn't be able to do a full show because of how late I was so I chose a few songs and I preformed.
I hung out with a few -- 19 -- of the fans I brought into the area for almost 3 hours, but then they had to leave because it was like 4am and we had to clean out the arena because I was preforming all the way in Europe tomorrow before I get a break.
...
"What time are we going to have rehearsal tomorrow?" I asked my production manager, TJ. 
"No. Not tomorrow. Tomorrow's show day"
"Nooo. I have to have rehearsal tomorrow, TJ it never works on the show day" I whined.
"Go talk to Cody and we'll see if it's clear for you to rehearse tomorrow"
"No, they need to be woken up to see if my stage really works. You guys don't understand how big of a deal this is" I started walking away. 
"I do understand and it's killing me inside because it's not working"
I stopped and turned back to him, "If I want to have my stage here," I gestured with my hands, "or on the next day, then I have to pay it but I'm not trusting this-"
"What now?" Anastasia walked in.
"This day of the show shit- 'We'll be able to rehearse before the show', no, I need to rehearse tomorrow. I mean not me, but my stage"
"I understand" TJ mumbled.
"Is it possible, I just want to know what's technically possible"
"I just have to see if the buildings available"
"So it's just about the availability of a building?" 
"A building that's in the UK"
"TJ, I cannot play that game anymore, okay? I don't wanna hear what everybody else has to say. Can you please find out- even if they have to load it in late tomorrow night, I have to make sure they get the stage right! Hundreds and thousands of dollars for this stage and people can't see it?! Bullshit!"
Why can't they just fix the god-damed stage?
