Skyler POV
Rayne stared at me and mouthed, "What?" 
He was smiling nervously at me like I was joking or something, but when my expression didn't lighten he seemed to fall apart. I folded my hands across my chest and said, "I'm serious Rayne. I have a whole heap of crazy going on in my life-"
Desperately he pleaded, "I know things have been hard because of your Grandma-"
"Grandma has nothing to do with this. I just need sometime apart."
"Skyler you need me more than ever. You have no idea about the type of shit that is about to kick off. I need to protect you." He said urgently.
"What stuff? I have no idea Rayne. You never tell me anything."
"Damn it, there are people after you Skyler. I refuse to walk away and leave you."
"I have Matt now-"
"A vampire can not protect you!"
"Please Rayne, I need to have a break."
"No. I refuse. You are mine."
"Then I have no choice but to order you."
"Skyler wait, please don't send me away. Just listen to me-"
"Rayne I order you to leave me alone."
Rayne bowed, "As you wish." He replied.
Then I was left alone outside the bar. Tears were falling from my eyes and I stared at the empty space where Rayne was stood.
"You sent him away?" Matt said, he must have followed me out of the bar. He stood watching the tears falling.
"You did the right thing." He said hugging me.
"Why do I feel so awful."
"Cos he's still in your mind messing up your thoughts. You don't need him Skyler. Demons can't love. They don't understand it."
"I thought sending him away would be so much more easier than this." I cried.
What had I done?
"I didn't want to tell you this but I noticed another female scent on Rayne." Matt said.
"What?" 
"A female vampire, just hints of her on his clothes."
I remembered overhearing Loki and Rayne talking about a female vampire called Sophie. Oh my God, did Rayne cheat on me with a vampire? My heart was slowly cracking up. I couldn't face going back into the bar. 
"Matt I want to go home." I said.
He nodded, "I'll get Dalton to take you back." He smiled.
Dalton took me home. I cried like a baby all the way back. I couldn't believe I had been so dumb. Rayne was two timing me, feeding off my energy then running to his vampire bitch. Everything had been a lie. 
Stephanie POV
"God, I'm so wired." I said flicking through the pages of some magic mumbo jumbo spell book.
"Have a good a day?" Loki asked. We were sat in Greg's store browsing the forbidden section. What's the point in having a forbidden section full of books you can't sell in a store? Weird. Answering Loki's question I replied.
"A priest to be exact."
"Oh bravo." Loki said.
"Greg and the others think it's disgusting and shameless."
"It is. But being a demon I have different perception on debauchery."
"Shit. I'm going to hell for that aren't I?"
"Probably."
"Good thing I can't die!"
"Did you just remember that?"
"Sometimes Loki you can be a condescending weener. Anyways what the hell are we looking at these dusty old books?"
"This, my dear, is destruction magic and destruction magic can only be summoned by people with strong intense emotions. Like your feelings towards those girls that hurt you.."
I flicked through a page of another book. Most of the spells were really extreme- disfigurement, disease, curses, infertility, burning ect.
"I don't want to do anything to extreme." I said to Loki.
"Stephanie don't you remember what these people did to you? They beat you up and mentally tortured you. Don't you want revenge."
"Yeah but I much preferred my idea of sleeping with their boyfriends then disembowelling them."
"You could annihilate your whole school with the hate you were feeling earlier."
"That would make me feel a million times worse!"
"But imagine how it would feel finally executing your own justice. Showing them how it feels to be helpless and sad."
"I'm not doing it."
Loki threw his hands into the air, "I give up. I can see I'm wasting my time. But if you ever change your mind remember to call me."
He disappeared again leaving me in the store to tidy the books away. Lucky for me Greg gave me a key so I could come and go as I pleased. Tidying the books away I heard the roar of motorcycle. Great Aidan was here. Shoving the books out of sight I opened the door for him, "Hey honey." I smiled.
Aidan beamed back at me, "I was hoping to catch you."
Kissing me lightly on the lips he took my hand and led me over to motorbike, "Look what I got you." He said, pulling out a ring box.
Shit. This was too soon. Aidan got down on one knee.
"Marry me."
Rayne POV
I sat in the forest, miles away from Skyler, my heart bleeding inwardly. Why did she reject? How could she forget me so easily? I punched a tree trunk splintering it into a thousand pieces. Without her I didn't want heal. I watched the blood drip down my hands on to the floor weakening me. I needed her, she may not need me but Skyler is everything to me. Without her I have no purpose. I'm better off diminishing into non-existence. I hit another tree with my good arm, the pain distracted me momentarily from the overwhelming despair I was sinking into. Without her I was dangerous. I could end up hurting her and loosing her forever. Spreading my wings I flew high up and let myself free fall to the ground. I was so weak. Closing my eyes I listened out for her command. 
"Ask me to come back." I whispered numbly.
Loki POV
Stephanie had been ozzing rage this evening. She was positively glowing. That girl is quite a character, I reckon she has a touch of siren in her- all that good looks couldn't have come purely from apes. Such seduction skills, she would make a fabulous demon. Poor Aidan wouldn't know how to handle her. Stupid mutt. Werewolves are definatly on the lower end of the supernatural- they still live in the forests for goodness sake! I had wanted to see Stephanie slaughter those girls in some glorious and bloody way but her human morals were holding her back. Either that or she wasn't pissed off enough. I wanted to wind that girl up and watch her go.
Shimmering into Skyler's bedroom expecting to see Rayne still fast asleep I was surprised to see Skyler still there.
"Where's Rayne?" I asked.
Skyler shrugged her shoulders. The sadness she was radiating was intoxicating. Soaking it in I asked, "What happened?"
"I sent him away."
"Why?"
"Who's Sophie?" she asked curiously.
Ah, she had sent him away. She suspected him of cheating, how delightful. I couldn't resist, "Surely you know who Sophie is?"
"No, tell me."
"Rayne's mistress."
"What?"
"I thought he told you. He got lonely while you were at work so he- I can't believe he lied to you. He told me that you knew about her."
"No I didn't!" she sobbed.
"I'm so sorry." I lied.
She clutched her pillow crying her eyes out. Bowing I excused myself and left the room. This was too good to be true. If I separate Rayne and Skyler I could have Skyler! My very own demigod. I quickly located Rayne and found him on a bloody heap in the middle of the forest. 
"What happened?" I asked.
"Skyler left me. You have to help me Loki."
"I've already been over to Skyler's. I shimmered in to your bedroom thinking you would be there but Skyler was on top of that troll fellow Greg."
Rayne didn't respond. It was pathetic to see and ancient demon act like an adolescent. Tears fell down his face.
"I can't live without her." he said.
"Give me a day and I'll see what I can do." I smiled shimmering off.
Stephanie POV
I couldn't say no, could I.
Sat up in my bedroom I stared at the ring- it was still in it's box. My parents would freak out if I told them I was getting married to Aidan. As far as the folks are concerned round here Aidan and his werewolves are nothing more than squatters and gypsies that live in the forest. Shoving the ring under my mattress, I got washed and dressed. Now that I'm engaged I will start my life of celibacy. No more men. I rummaged through my dresser drawers and found a purity ring my insane Grandma once gave me. Putting it on my finger I vowed never to sleep with another man as long as Aidan was alive. 
The low rumble of Aidan's motorcycle came up the road. Aidan was so excited. I was a little excited about getting married but I was also very nervous. Nerves make me sick and I had butterflies in my stomach all morning. Mom and Brad had gone to work so I let Aidan in.
"Do you want some breakfast?" I asked.
"You're such angel. Why don't you sit down for a change and I'll make you something." He said making me sit down while he started cooking all sorts of things.
"I want a big wedding." Aidan said.
"I just want something small."
"But I have a lot of family."
"A big wedding it is then."
"Great! We can have it out in the forest under the moonlight."
"I want a church service and hotel reception."
"We can compromise." Aidan smiled handing me a plate of fried up food. The smell of the food hit me sending waves of nausea pounding through me. Running to the toilet I threw up. How weird? I didn't feel ill this morning. I usually get stomach sickness in the morning but not like this. Aidan was pale with concern, "I'll book a doctor's appointment." He said.
"It's just a tummy bug don't fuss." I replied.
But an hour later I was sat in the doctor's surgery with my head in a bucket. Aidan had to call a cab because there was no way I could wear a motorcycle helmet and throw up at the same time. Sat in the sugery the receptionist called my name. Aidan waited patiently in the waiting area. My doctor was shocked to see me looking so well, last time he ad seen me I was a quivering wreck. 
"Your hair has grown back and you have out on weight. How remarkable." He said. We talked and he asked me to pee in tube- yuck. He went off and ran the tests and came back, "I think I know what is causing your sickness." he said.
"What?" I asked.
"It appears that you are pregnant."
