Oh Shit Ch.14
Megan's POV 
Beep . . . Beep . . . Beep. . . 
That was all I heard. I felt like I was dead, pain constricting every time I moved. Let alone breathe. I opened my eyes, trying to adjust to my hazy vision to see where I was. White walls, machines, it was no doubt that I was in the hospital, but I didn't want to be here. I wanted to be where my father is, my goldfish, my aunts and uncles. I wanted to be dead. I have no reason for living anymore. There would probably only be two people who would actually care if I were to die right here and now. They would forget about after the first two months that I would be gone. 
	After a couple of minutes of this thought a busty blonde nurse came into the room, looking at me in pure disgust. Maybe she wanted some hot hunk here instead so she could fuck him, I thought. She came up to me and checked the machines that asked for the doctor to come in. When he came in, I was astonished, he looked hot. But right about now I could care less about how hot guys were. He checked my monitors, like how Ms. Busty nurse did and said that I was free to go. I got up and remebered that I had no ride home due to my car being totaled. So, I did the most sensible thing, I called Derwin.
	Derwin wouldn't pick up so I walked home, it wasn't that far away. Once I reached our neighborhood, I went straight to Derwin's house, knocking on the door first. Just thinking of him made me forget about that thought I had earlier in the hospital about killing myself and a smile immediately plastered on my face. After a few moments, of silence, I opened the door using the hidden key that was in the bush. I heard a few grunts and moans coming from upstairs, but thought nothing of it.  I went to his door and opened it a crack. But what I saw took me up and over the edge. The were fucking!!! He was supposed to be mine and only mine. 
The bitch on top of him squealed and got off of him immediately. 
"Megan, I can explain." Derwin said, trying to embrace me, but I wouldn't have it. 
"Explain this" I said, punching him square in the jaw, knocking him unconsious. 
"Ow! Shit, you hit hard!" That was when I woke up immediately to come face to face with some type of stranger holding his nose that had blood seeping through his hands.
Killer's POV
I didn't know why I came here, my feet just moved the peddle and I ended up here.  No one knows that I was the one who caused the accident, people are just cluless these days. I walked into the hospital room with the name "Megan."
	 I walked in cautiously and looked to see her. Megan. I watched as she layed there, she looked broken, yet peaceful. The way her chest moved up and down every time she breathed, the way her face would crinkle when she dreamt, I couldn't help but look at her in awe. 
	I walked up closer to her, then stopped abruptly when she started stirring. She started talking gibberish. Her small hands turned into fists. I didn't expect that her fist would lash out at me. When it connected, I swear I could have heard a crack at my nose. Damn she hits hard!!!
" Ow! Shit, you hit hard!" I exclaimed, my hands going up to my nose, I drew my hand back and instantly saw crimson. That's when she woke up.
Megan's POV
"Who the hell are you!?" I asked, he looked somewhat familiar, but I just couldn't remember. 
The guy looked down shamefully, eyes full of regret and sorrowness. I was getting very impatient when he didn't answer me.
"Tell me or you'll get another visit from my fist. . . And not just your nose." That got him to confess, but now that he did, I wish I never asked in the first place.
"I'm the one who killed your father, and I'm basically the reason you're in the hospital right now." 
Ohhhh Shhhiiitt
*Srry I promised you I was going to post, but I just got lazy and my computer won't turn on so I'm completely pissed off right now. Anywho, thanks to all my 56 fans for supporting and I might post tommorow ^.^*
-Flirtynerdy619
