I own none of the characters except for Althea and Will

"What do you mean you worked with my parents?", Althea questioned. "I know this may come as a shock to you but your parents worked for a government sector that works with aliens. Specifically the transformers. They are autonomous robots from their home planet called Cybertron. That is all I am allowed to tell you of their origins", the Director started out. "Your mother worked to make sure to track any Decepticon activity within New York City limits. Your father worked with the task force used to learn how to combat the transformers. His partner was Dino and your mother's partner was Ratchet. They both have since been transferred back to the Washington DC base following your parents disappearance", she concluded. "Why did they disappear? Do you have any idea where they could be? Do you know anything?", Althea asked desperate for answer. "Althea we need you to cooperate. We just recently found out about you and we have to make sure you're not a target as well" "A target of what?" "Althea everything will be explained in time. I just need you to sign these clearance papers, so we can make sure you're safe and we can give you everything that your parents may have left for you", she said placing papers in front of Althea. "Can I read them first?", Althea asked as a pen was placed in front of her. "Yes take as long as you want dear. Once you're done, you can leave and my secretary will be outside the door to escort you out and Will will be out front waiting for you", she said getting up. "Excuse me, but can I see their offices?", Althea asked as the director was getting up. She thought for a moment before answering. "Yes you may. We haven't touched anything and you are free to take anything you want", the director said as she got up. Althea skimmed through the paperwork checking for anything out of the ordinary. "Well I guess that's it", she said picking up the pen and signing on the dotted line. She picked the papers up and went outside. "I'm done", she said opening the office door. "Good. The director has informed me that you are to go to your parents offices", the secretary placing the papers in the folder. "Yes please", Althea said enthusiastically. "Follow me", she said walking down the hall. Althea followed behind looking around as she went. She saw some security cameras and wondered if anyone was actually watching. Finally they got to a dark corridor. The secretary flipped on the light and pointed to two doors at the end. Both read "Parker" on the doors. "Your father's is on the left and your mother's is on the right", the secretary said. "I'll be out here when you're done and let me know if you need a box to carry anything back in". Althea pushed the door of her father's office open. It was dark and cool. She flipped the light switch on to reveal a neatly kept office. She looked to the right at the wall to realize it wasn't a wall. It was a mirror. Well she thought it was a mirror. When she got closer she realized it wasn't a mirror at all. It was a window. The window looked into her mother's office. She walked slowly around to his desk. She sat in the chair just as her father had for the past 10 years. Althea felt the tears swell in her eyes. She sat forward and looked at the pictures on his desk. There was a photo of her with her mother and another one of her and her father. She picked both of them up and put them to the side. She also saw a photo of four young girls together. She saw herself in the bunch but the other 3 she didn't recognize right away. She also put that picture to the side. She opened the drawers to check for anything. Her fathers wallet with everything including his license and ID card was inside. She put that in with her pile. She looked in his filing cabinets and hadn't come across anything interesting until she saw a file that said "The girls". She opened it and it contained more photos of the 3 other girls in the picture she found. She also saw some stuff with her picture on it. She collected up the 3 photos and the wallet and headed out to her mother's office. "Do you need a box?", the secretary asked as she quietly closed the door. "Yes please", Althea said subtly. The secretary hurried off to get a box as Althea pushed open her mother's door. She turned on the light to reveal her mother's office wasn't as clean as her father's. Papers were strewn everywhere on her desk and boxes upon boxes of files were everywhere. She climbed over some boxes heading the desk, clutching the pictures close to her chest. She sat down at her mother's desk and repeated her little procedure. She looked at the photos on her mom's desk. She had tons. There was her parent's wedding photo and the picture of her and her parents at Cony Island. Again, just like her father, there was a photo of Althea with 3 mystery girls. She set them all aside as she went to investigate some more. Suddenly, the door swung open and the secretary lady appeared. "Here is your box, Miss. Parker", she said placing it down next to her. "Thank you", Althea said gently putting the photos and things in the box. "I will be out here waiting", she said closing the door. Althea checked the drawers and found mostly worked things. She curiously looked at a folder that had her name on it. There was letter inside with her name on it. She quietly opened it and began to read. "To Althea. If you're reading this sweetheart we're gone. We knew coming into this job, that we'd have risks, but we never knew it would cost us our lives. I know this may come as a shock but all we ever did was try to protect you. Just know that it isn't the end of the world. I have a file behind in the bottom of the drawer that will tell you everything about us. Everything about our job with NEST and some photos for you. You are a strong girl Althea, so don't cry sweetheart. You must be strong now and we'll see you one day our beautiful angel. Signed Mom and Dad". Althea held back the tears as much as she could. She bit her lip to keep them from coming. She placed the letter back in the file and pulled out the papers that her mom said was at the bottom of the drawer. She placed them in her box and took a deep breath before continuing. She quickly checked everything, wanting to get out of the office as quickly as possible. She found her mom's purse with her wallet in it. She'd check her parent's debt and credit cards when she got home. She threw the purse in the box and picked it up. She needed to get home. "I'm done", Althea said as she came out the office. She plastered a smile onto her face as she followed the secretary out. Just like the director said, Will was outside with the car. He opened the door and she sat down placing the box next to her. "You have everything Miss. Parker?", Will asked as he got into the car. "Yes", Althea said. "Good", he said pulling out of the parking spot. Althea stayed quiet the whole ride home. Will pulled up to her apartment and Althea opened the door and got out. "Miss. Parker", Will called as she got to the other side of the car. "If you need anything, you have my number", Will said giving her a stern look. "Your father was my best friend and I am here. Just remember that", Will said before he rolled up the window. Althea watched as he pulled off. Little did she know, she was being watched as well.

Althea burst open the door to her apartment. She placed the box down on the kitchen table. She took a deep breath and sat down. She sat with the head in her hands and her eyes closed. She didn't notice the window slip open quietly and a certain green reptile with a red bandana enter. She flashed an eye open at the sound of the table moving in the living room. She grabbed the baseball bat in the kitchen and slowly entered the living room ready to swing. She took the last step in and was ready to bring down the hammer when it was suddenly taken from her grip. "Woah there tiger, be careful with that. We don't need anyone getting hurt", Raphael said taking the bat from her hands. "Sorry Raph", she said sighing. "What's going on Thea?", he asked. "Nothing", she lied. "I know you're lying Althea, I saw you", he said. "I saw you get in that car this morning and I saw you come home. What's going on", he said taking her arm. He had talked to Donnie yesterday and he now knew that grabbing human's arms probably wasn't a good thing. "Raph I really don't want to talk about it", she said quietly. "Come on you can talk to me", he said sitting down. "Raph please", she said as he wrapped a large arm around her tiny frame. "Althea" "Okay! You want to know what happened? I learned that my parents are dead! Yup, that's right they're dead and I'm really alone", Althea said as the tears spilled out. "Oh Thea", he said quietly as the tiny human in his arms blubbered into his plastron. He held her close as she just cried. "I found pictures of them", she finally said sniffling. "You don't have to show me Thea", he said trying to calm her down. "No, I want you to see", she said getting up. She came back into the living room with a picture frame. She handed it to him as she cuddled back up into his arms. "That's you?", he asked. "Yeah, I was like 4", she said wiping her eyes with the back of her hand. "You must have been a mischievous little thing", he said trying to cheer her up. She giggled a little and her laughs made him smile. "I'm sorry Thea", he said running a finger through her curls. "It's okay Raph. There's nothing you could do", she said looking up at him. "Well I could stay the night if you want?", he suggested. "I'd like that"


